Create SECURITY.md (#574)
twisted/towncrier: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

> twisted/incremental project uses the same security policy as [twisted/twisted](https://github.com/twisted/twisted).
> 
> For more details please check the [Twisted securty process](https://github.com/twisted/twisted?tab=security-ov-file#readme)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The twisted/towncrier project uses the same security policy as [twisted/twisted](https://github.com/twisted/twisted).

For more details, please check the [Twisted security process](https://github.com/twisted/twisted?tab=security-ov-file#readme).
```
